XiaoQing
Brother Yang
You have reached the Broken Valley Sutra
Yeah I'm broken
It's time for you to take revenge
Slowly broken bones, one worry and one injury, I sincerely killed him
It's good to cut fists and pick mountains to shock tigers
Emotionally broken bones
How could you
This person doesn't need to know so much.
Mr. Li, now it's your turn
I am the young master of the Li family
If you kill me
Whether it's you or your family
The Li family still dares to go to Xuanyi Dao Palace to kill people
No, I don't.
No! How dare you break my leg!
I'm going to kill you!
Since you don't want to die so much
I'll give you a chance.
What opportunity
I count to dozens
If you can get off this bridge
I don't have to kill you.
This is what you said.
Ah!
Break my promise, where can I break my promise?
I never said I would hurt you